Concept for a work in progress page (#1479)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/updates/work-in-progress/index.mdx

---
title: Work in progress
description:
  This page provides early visibility for new Carbon concepts and current work
  in progress.
---

<PageDescription>

> An opportunity to see early Carbon concepts and ideas, and experiment with work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An opportunity to see early Carbon concepts and ideas, and provide feedback on work
```

in progress.

</PageDescription>

This work in progress is not supported, and is not approved for production use.

> The Carbon team gratefully accepts feedback or comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Carbon team gratefully accepts feedback or comments.
```

| [Data visualization guidance](/)  | Intro about data viz file.                         |

| Components and patterns                                                                                                |                                                                                                                 |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Tree view component](https://deploy-preview-6008--carbon-components-react.netlify.app/?path=/story/treeview--default) | Intro sentence about the tree view. [Github issue](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/issues/5180). |
| [Text toolbar](/)                                                                                                      | Intro sentence about the text toolbar.                                                                          |

| Carbon website concepts       |                                       |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |

> | [Information architecture](/) | Info about IA exploration.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Information architecture](/) | Explorations of a new IA for Carbon that groups information into two sections--activities and assets.            |
```

> | [Home page concepts](/)       | Info about home page concepts.        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Home page concepts](/)       | Explorations of new home page with messaging highlighting Carbon as an open, service-oriented group.        |
```

> | [Community index](/)          | Info about community component index. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Community index](/)          | The community component index surfaces components that IBM teams have built, so that others can see and reuse them. |
```

---
title: Work in progress
description:
  This page provides early visibility for new Carbon concepts and current work
  in progress.
---

<PageDescription>

An opportunity to see early Carbon concepts and ideas, and experiment with work
in progress.

</PageDescription>

This work in progress is not actively supported by the Carbon team, and is not
approved for production use. We gratefully accept feedback or comment.

## Tools and resources

<CardGroup>
  <MiniCard title="Carbon mobile sketch kit" href="/" actionIcon="download" />
  <MiniCard title="Data visualization" href="/" actionIcon="download" />
</CardGroup>

## Components and patterns

<CardGroup>
  <MiniCard
    title="Tree view component"
    href="https://deploy-preview-6008--carbon-components-react.netlify.app/?path=/story/treeview--default"
  />
  <MiniCard title="Text toolbar" href="/" />
</CardGroup>

## Website design and content

<CardGroup>

>   <MiniCard title="Information architecture" href="/" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <MiniCard title="Information architecture" href="https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-website/issues/1516" />
```

---
title: Work in progress
description:
  This page provides early visibility for new Carbon concepts and current work
  in progress.
---

<PageDescription>

An opportunity to see early Carbon concepts and ideas, and experiment with work
in progress.

</PageDescription>

<InlineNotification>
  This work in progress is not actively supported by the Carbon team, and is not
  approved for production use. We gratefully accept feedback or comment.
</InlineNotification>

## Introduction

The Carbon team is always exploring different ways to serve our users. We work
in the open, and this page is here to give you early previews of what we're
working on.

That could mean making an unfinished Sketch kit available for download, linking

> to GitHub issues for proposed components and patterns, or presenting graphics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to GitHub issues for proposed components and patterns, or sharing graphics
```

> files of concepts on how we might present content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
files of concepts for how we might present content.
```

> Not everything here may make it into production, other pieces might become

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not everything here may make it into production, while other pieces might become
```

central pieces of the design system. It's an early opportunity for you to

> provide feedback and influence Carbon's direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provide feedback and have a say in Carbon's direction.
```

description:
  This page provides early visibility for new Carbon concepts and current work
  in progress.
---

<PageDescription>

An opportunity to see early Carbon concepts and ideas, and experiment with work
in progress.

</PageDescription>

<InlineNotification>
  This work in progress is not actively supported by the Carbon team, and is not
  approved for production use. We gratefully accept feedback or comment.
</InlineNotification>

## Introduction

The Carbon team is always exploring different ways to serve our users. We work
in the open, and this page is here to give you early previews of what we're
working on.

That could mean making an unfinished Sketch kit available for download, linking
to GitHub issues for proposed components and patterns, or presenting graphics
files of concepts on how we might present content.

Not everything here may make it into production, other pieces might become
central pieces of the design system. It's an early opportunity for you to
provide feedback and influence Carbon's direction.

### Tools and resources

<CardGroup>
  <MiniCard onClick={() => fathom('trackGoal', 'GC8C8OMU', 0)} title="Carbon mobile sketch kit" href="/">

> ![Sketch icon](/images/sketch-icon.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<MdxIcon name="sketch" />
```

This will pull in the correct icon so its consistent (and with transparent background) across the site

Author: This doesn't work for the Sketch icon (still get white background). For the github icon, it does give me the correct transparent background, but the icon is oversized (sizing for full size Card icon size, rather than MiniCard).

Reviewer 2: main image might need to get updated, and the icon component or minicard. bigger than this PR then, you can ignore me 😉

Author: 👍 OK. I'm going to revert to just using the default config icons for the first draft, and then we can address the icon work after that.

Reviewer 3: Super weird, i pulled down your PR and i'm totally seeing the white background, but the GTC site itself is displaying the icons just fine. Trying to find the mismatch.

Author: Huh. OK, I'll leave making changes to something that's in the core Carbon site styling right now. But, @alisonjoseph...something that's safe to remove? Separate issue to change.

Author: Created a bug issue specific to that - https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-website/issues/1530

  </MiniCard>
  <MiniCard
    onClick={() => fathom('trackGoal', 'GP38VQMY', 0)}
    title="Data viz sticker sheet"
    href="/"
    actionIcon="download"
  />
</CardGroup>

### Components and patterns

<CardGroup>
  <MiniCard
    onClick={() => fathom('trackGoal', 'B3AN6GVA', 0)}
    title="Tree view component"
    href="https://carbon-website-git-fork-designertyler-treeview03092020.carbon-design-system.now.sh/components/tree-view/usage"
  />
</CardGroup>

### Website design and content

<CardGroup>
  <MiniCard onClick={() => fathom('trackGoal', 'C9ESE7PV', 0)} title="IA exploration" href="https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-website/issues/1516">

> ![GitHub icon](/images/github-icon.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<MdxIcon name="github" />
```

same as above

in progress.

</PageDescription>

<InlineNotification>
  This work in progress is not actively supported by the Carbon team, and is not
  approved for production use. We gratefully accept feedback or comment.
</InlineNotification>

## Introduction

The Carbon team is always exploring different ways to serve our users. We work
in the open, and this page is here to give you early previews of what we're
working on.

That could mean making an unfinished Sketch kit available for download, linking
to GitHub issues for proposed components and patterns, or sharing graphics files
of concepts for how we might present content.

Not everything here may make it into production, while other pieces might become
central pieces of the design system. It's an early opportunity for you to
provide feedback and have a say in Carbon's direction.

### Tools and resources

<CardGroup>
  <MiniCard
    onClick={() => fathom('trackGoal', 'GC8C8OMU', 0)}
    title="Carbon mobile sketch kit"
    href="https://www.sketch.com/s/a3343128-adb6-489c-9e62-709d89ba76e9"
    actionIcon="launch"
  />
  <MiniCard
    onClick={() => fathom('trackGoal', 'GP38VQMY', 0)}
    title="Data viz sticker sheet"

>     href="https://ibm.box.com/s/epx74uadotxbx36aknn1s2nmvhpzgk4o"

Reviewer 4: So it says it linking to the box file but when I click on the tile its taking me to the mobile sketch kit instead of the data viz file. Is this happening for anyone else?

Author: This should be working OK now. Build of the push that fixed it was delayed.

    actionIcon="download"
  />
</CardGroup>

### Components and patterns

<CardGroup>
  <MiniCard
    onClick={() => fathom('trackGoal', 'B3AN6GVA', 0)}
    title="Tree view component"
    href="https://carbon-website-git-fork-designertyler-treeview03092020.carbon-design-system.now.sh/components/tree-view/usage"
  />
</CardGroup>

### Website design and content

<CardGroup>
  <MiniCard
    onClick={() => fathom('trackGoal', '1WVDJ6KO', 0)}
    title="Community index"
    href="https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/community/component-index/"
  />
  <MiniCard
    onClick={() => fathom('trackGoal', 'C9ESE7PV', 0)}
    title="IA exploration"
    href="https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-website/issues/1516"
  />
  <MiniCard
    onClick={() => fathom('trackGoal', 'ZASURK2Q', 0)}

>     title="Activation concepts"

Reviewer 4: It seems a little like oversharing to share this whole file. There no real reason for people to have the asset. I wonder if we could just drop these as images into a github issue and share that instead.

Author: I think that's the right solution, yes. We probably should have a github issue outlining some of these concepts anyway, and then be able to link to that. Would give some context to the images, too.

In the absence of the github issue, I'm ok with linking to the file, but the issue is the best longer term solution.

Reviewer: I definitely agree with the approach of using issues for context, rather than files. Issues provide an opportunity for comments too.

Author: I created #1536 as an issue - which needs populating by @janchild / @jeanservaas with a little more info. Then I can update the link from the WIP page to link to that issue rather than a Sketch file.
